Improve and update the API docs UX (#6241)
camunda/camunda-docs: docs/apis-tools/java-client/zeebe-process-test.md

title: "Zeebe Process Test"
---

:::info

> Zeebe Process Test is deprecated as of Camunda 8.8 and will be removed in Camunda 8.10. For new and future-proof process testing, use [Camunda Process Test](/apis-tools/testing/getting-started/) instead.

Author: ```suggestion
Zeebe Process Test is deprecated as of Camunda 8.8 and will be removed in Camunda 8.10. For new and future-proof process testing, use [Camunda Process Test](./../testing/getting-started.md) instead.
```
